1:
The agile Br3tz1n00-2 was a controllunit of the baseproduction of Trangufeil Empire Robot Troops. 
His kind is distinguished by his extrem fast decision making process, which is not only caused by his unusually big primary memory.
When the war seemed lost, all Units of his series were disasembled and scrambled for parts. 
Br3tz1n00-2 got notice of this plan by luck and tried to save as many Controllunits as possible.
Unfortunately he was stopped and captured by L00rd-4p1, the right hand of Trangufeil II. Instead of destroying Br3tz1n00-2 immediately, he was send to fight in the Arenas, because of his abilities, to restore the reputation of the Empire.


2:
The Land of Drensbal has been peaceful for 400 years now. This was by courtesy of D-1005, the leader of the D-r3-n5 who got so strong and robust because of T-P-Hydraulic Technology that no body dares to start a fight.
The Researchers of the Land took it upon them to develop Tungsten-Nanotubes. After a lot of generations they finally succeded.
They built the first space elevator and were able to colonize most of the Moon and its sattelites.
Since they want to leave the planet soon behind, Overlord Bal wants to leave one last mark by sending D-1005 in the Arenas to display his strength.

3:
M1nk3rts-IO lost another wheel. Doesn't matter, she always finds a new one. On Lanaretio there are enough scrappiles to loot. Besides her home is filled to the roof with chips, joints and other parts of destroyed robots from all over the World.
She sends a makeshift drone to scan the next hill of scrap.
Nothing interesting.
She sends the drone in the other direction.
Nothing again.
It's so boring around here!
She pulles a cable from the squashed remains of a robot and sticks it into her head.
She sees an Arena and a lot of functioning robots with shiny armor and emblems. She also wants an emblem.
Without hesitation she grabs almost everything from her house and sets of to the other countries to stir up the Arenas.

4:
Left or right. Er0-s10-n wants to put a robotbird nest back ontop a tree but he doesn't know with wich arm. 
The cryo arm would freeze the bird immediately, which would increase the flowspeed of electrons in its body, however it would burst its hydraulic system.
The plasma arm can overcharge its energy cores in a way that it doesn't have to reload for the whole day, however it would melt its outer layers.
Er0-s10-n stays a while next to the bird, folding his arms.
Hmm.
Hmmm.
Before he could finish his thought a bright flash shines from his hands followed by an explosion, which destroyes everything in a 10 meter radius.
A big gap got blown into the wall of the prison camp, through which many robots who were sent to the Arenas fled.
Er0-s10-n stayes where he is. The guards shouted he should stay, so he does.